1. [Internet plus Competition](https://cy.ncss.cn/) It is one of the most significant college student competitions in the national A-level innovation and entrepreneurship competition. It not only helps to enhance students' innovation ability, but also has a significant positive impact on postgraduate entrance examination and career development. Especially for students seeking opportunities to take the postgraduate entrance examination, winning awards at or above the provincial level is undoubtedly a very advantageous bonus point. At the same time, the experience of being involved in projects not only enhances one's own abilities, but also highlights them in their resume.

2. Our club's members entered the national competition in 2023 and some members entered the provincial competition in 2024, accumulating rich competition experience during the competition process. At the same time, we applied for various patents and won awards, which can better provide assistance and experience transmission for students who want to participate in the competition. In the past year, the core members of the club actively participated in various competitions and constantly exerted their personal strengths and achieved good results through team cooperation. Among them, the "Internet plus" competition has won one national award, one municipal award, one silver award and two bronze awards. In addition, the "Blue Bridge Cup" and other competitions have won a total of one national award and six municipal awards. In terms of academic research, we have also achieved significant results, publishing one paper and holding three patents.

3. The senior members of the club have close relationships with other clubs, such as the Model Aviation Society, Luban Workshop, Finance and Economics Society, and other management finance hardware clubs. This enables our club to better find suitable teammates and obtain deeper technical guidance from professional fields.

4. We welcome students who are interested and energetic in various competitions to join us. Here, we sincerely invite all students to join us and work together to make progress. Welcome to contact **jacklau1222@foxmail.com**