# Freshman Q&A

## Dormitory related

1. Q: What is the bed size of the dormitory?

   A: Length: 200cm, width: 90cm, height: 178Cm

2. Q: How many rooms are there in the dormitory?

   A: Most of the dormitories are 6 rooms, a small number of girls can enjoy 4 rooms, 6 rooms accommodation fee 1000 yuan/year, 4 rooms accommodation fee 1200 yuan/year, the dormitory has air conditioning, but every year to rent.

3. Q: Can bed curtains be installed in the dormitory?

   A: Before, there was a clear rule that it could not be installed, but recently the attitude has warmed up.
4. Q: How to take a bath in dormitory?

   A: Except for the 4-room dormitory with its own bathroom, all the current dormitory buildings have built bathhouses in their own.
5. Q: Does it cost to get hot water in dormitory?

   A: Before is to apply for the water card for money, since the first semester of the 24th notice said no money, but still have to swipe the card or scan the code.
6. Q: Where do I do laundry in the dormitory?

   A: There will be a laundry room on each floor of the dormitory, and there will also be a special place to wash shoes. We used to have raccoon laundry on the second floor of Commercial Street, but now the contract expires, and other laundry places wait for the school's notice.


## Canteen related

1. Q: How many canteens do we have?

   A: First of all, our school has an ethnic restaurant, which is a halal canteen. Next to the ethnic restaurant is the largest canteen, which is divided into the first floor of the large canteen, the first floor of the small canteen, the second floor of the large canteen and the second floor of the small canteen. Then there is the dining hall of the M block international Student apartment, and finally the staff dining hall, which is on the third floor of the big dining hall, but it is not open to students.

## Work and rest related

1. Q: Do you have morning exercises?

   A: At present, there is no, some colleges do not know whether they will arrange morning exercises in the future.

2. Q: Is it OK not to go back to the dormitory at night?

   A: Yes, but you have to sign a stay away from your aunt.